Note that integrated GPUs are not currently supported for passthrough (#501)
xcp-ng/xcp-ng-org: docs/compute.md

## 🎮 GPU Passthrough
To passthrough a complete graphics card to a VM (not virtualize it into multiple virtual vGPUs, which is different, see the vGPU section below), just follow the regular PCI passthrough instructions, no special steps are needed. Most Nvidia and AMD video cards should work without issue.  

:::warning

> Passthrough of an integrated GPU (for example the iGPU of an AMD APU) is not currently supported. An integrated GPU keeps its option ROM in the motherboard firmware rather than on the card, so there is no ROM to expose to the VM. Work is in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Passthrough of an integrated GPU (for example the iGPU of an AMD APU) is not currently supported. An integrated GPU keeps its option ROM in the motherboard firmware rather than on the card, so there is no ROM to expose to the VM. Support for this feature is currently under development.
```

Author: Applied your wording. Heads up that the first sentence changed since your approval too: TSnake41 pointed out the warning was wrong for Intel, so it's now scoped to AMD APUs specifically.

> Passthrough of an integrated GPU (for example the iGPU of an AMD APU) is not currently supported. An integrated GPU keeps its option ROM in the motherboard firmware rather than on the card, so there is no ROM to expose to the VM. Work is in progress.

Reviewer 2: That's true for AMD (and AMD officially says it's unsupported), but not really for Intel.
Intel has support (officially) for PCI Passthrough of the integrated graphics, just that you don't have any display support (unless we use tricks of GVT-d "legacy mode").

Author: Fair, I generalised from the AMD case and shouldn't have. bullerwins had an Intel 12400 iGPU doing Plex transcode in https://xcp-ng.org/forum/topic/8293, so "not supported" is just wrong for Intel.

I've scoped the warning to AMD APUs. On the display caveat, I haven't tested Intel passthrough myself, so I'd rather not write that sentence from your comment and get the nuance wrong. If you think it's worth a line saying Intel iGPU passthrough works but without display output short of GVT-d legacy mode, could you give me the phrasing you'd want? Happy to take it verbatim.
